Add FindCommonTiming Command (#125)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

   4. [Editing a person](#editing-a-person--edit)
   5. [Locating persons by name](#locating-persons-by-name-find)
   6. [Deleting a person](#deleting-a-person--delete)
   7. [Setting a contact as the user](#setting-a-contact-as-the-user--setuser)
   8. [Viewing Schedule](#viewing-a-persons-schedule-viewschedule)
   9. [Viewing contacts by tags](#viewing-contacts-by-tags-viewgroup)
   10. [Adding a person's schedule](#adding-a-persons-schedule-addevent)
   11. [Editing a person's schedule](#editing-a-persons-schedule-editevent)
   12. [Deleting a person's schedule](#deleting-a-persons-schedule-deleteevent)
   13. [Getting persons who are free](#getting-persons-who-are-free-freeschedule)

>    14. [Getting common free timing of persons by tag](#getting-common-free-timing-of-persons-by-tag-findcommontiming)
>    15. [Importing a person's schedule](#importing-a-persons-schedule-import)
>    16. [Exporting a person's schedule](#exporting-a-persons-schedule-export)

Reviewer: These here are wrong. Maybe you can try to merge the upstream master with your branch first?
```suggestion
   14. [Getting common free timing of persons by tag](#getting-common-free-timing-of-persons-by-tag-whoisfree)
   15. [Importing a person's schedule](#importing-a-persons-schedule-importschedule)
   16. [Exporting a person's schedule](#exporting-a-persons-schedule-exportschedule)
```

* `freeSchedule ti/ 12:00`
* `freeSchedule ti/ 14:00 da/2022-02-14`

### Getting common free timing of persons by tag: `findCommonTiming`
Gets the common timings of persons who are free with the same tag.

Format: `findCommonTiming t/TAG da/DATE`

> * Show the overlapping timings that a group of friends with the same tags are free on a certain day.

Reviewer 2: @tyanhan this one?

> * Show the overlapping timings that a group of friends with the same tags are free on a certain day.

Reviewer 2: @tyanhan this one?

Reviewer 3: I think without the "who are free" part
